Update javascript-api-for-office-error-codes.md (#3788)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/javascript-api-for-office-error-codes.md

|9022|Message In Different Store Error|The EWS ID cannot be retrieved because the message is saved in another store.|The EWS ID for the current message couldn't be retrieved as the message may have been moved or the sending mailbox may have changed.|
|9041|Network error|The user is no longer connected to the network. Please check your network connection and try again.|The user no longer has network or internet access.|
|9043|Attachment Type Not Supported|The attachment type is not supported.|The API doesn't support the attachment type. For example, `item.getAttachmentContentAsync` throws this error if the attachment is an embedded image in Rich Text Format, or if it's an item type other than an email or calendar item (such as a contact or task item).|

> |9057|Size Limit Exceeded|A maximum of 32KB is available for the settings of each add-in.|When updating roaming settings via Office.context.roamingSettings.set, the size cannot exceed 32KB. See [Office.RoamingSettings interface](/javascript/api/outlook/office.roamingsettings?view=outlook-js-preview#outlook-office-roamingsettings-set-member).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|9057|Size Limit Exceeded|A maximum of 32KB is available for the settings of each add-in.|When updating roaming settings via Office.context.roamingSettings.set, the size cannot exceed 32KB. See [Office.RoamingSettings interface](/javascript/api/outlook/office.roamingsettings#outlook-office-roamingsettings-set-member(1)).
```
